[Mei] Thanks for letting
me borrow this.
I put it in with our laundry.
Thanks. I've got something
for you, too.
For me?
Yeah, hold out your hand.
[Mei] What for?
[Yamato] Just do it.
Why would he choose
you over someone who's
already had sex with him?
[Yamato] All done.
It's a gift.
A symbol of our love.
Thanks, Kurosawa-kun...
[Yamato] You're welcome.
[Girl 1] You know Mei Tachibana?
That girl from class C?
[Girl 2] Oh, that weird
girl? The one who doesn't
talk to anyone?
[Girl 1] Right, her.
Have you noticed that
she's changed recently?
[Boy] Yeah, she's
gotten cuter.
[Girl 2] What?
[Boy] No, I'm serious.
The other day, I saw her
smile for the first time!
Yeah, but get this. I heard
she was going out with Kurosawa.
[Boy & Girl 2] What?
[Boy] You're kidding!
[Girl 2] Really?
[Nakanishi] Then Asamicchi
said, "That's not okay."
Isn't that the cutest?
She's so cute!
Yeah, sure is.
[Hayakawa] Yamato!
[Both] Huh?
Hayakawa.
Hey, how've you been, dude?
[Yamato] Oh, all right.
[Hayakawa] Okay, so tell me.
I hear you're dating
a girl named Tachibana.
It's rare for you to get
close to one particular
girl, isn't it?
We should go eat sometime.
Where's all this coming from?
[Hayakawa] What do you mean?
We're friends, right?
I just wanna meet her. Come on.
[Miyuki] Hayakawa!
Do you have some free time this
week? Let's go out, okay?
Yeah, you got it, sweetheart.
[Miyuki] All right! I've
been so depressed lately.
I can't have any fun without
you! You know that.
I'll call you.
Awesome!
So long! See ya around!
She said fun...
That kind of fun?
Only if we're both up for it.
If you understand my meaning.
Anyway, Yamato...
Yeah, I'll ask Mei if
she wants to do it.
Cool, it's a deal.
[Mei] Excuse me.
[Sensei] Hey, Tachibana!
[Yamato] Mei!
What have you got there?
And why are you
in such a hurry?
I'm carrying the world
map we're using in my next
class, Kurosawa-kun.
Okay, and what are you
breathing so heavy for?
When I went to get the map,
a teacher saw my bracelet
and tried to confiscate it.
So I hit him with this and ran.
That's aggressive.
[Mei] I'm glad...
he didn't take it.
Is it that important?
To you, I mean.
[Mei] Of course it is.
[Yamato] You... are
so doggone cute.
[Mei slaps Yamato]
[Mei] Don't be so "doggone"
creepy about it!
[Yamato] Hey, wa-wait!
My friend Hayakawa wants to meet
you. If that's alright with you.
Hayakawa?
He suggested we all
go out for dinner.
What for?
He wanted to see for himself.
To see what?
Well, uh, my girlfriend.
[Mei] What?!
[Yamato] Not to mention,
your popularity here's been
completely skyrocketing!
Anyway, he's a fun guy.
But only if you want to.
It might be cool if you
made another friend or
two through me, right?
[Mei] Yeah...
Huh, I see.
Yup. For now, it's the three of
us going out to dinner sometime.
You should come. You
like him, don't you?
[Aiko] I don't think so.
What are you trying
to pull anyway?
What do you mean?
I guess I'm curious, and
I want to congratulate him.
Lyin' bastard.
Get over yourself.
You can never have
too many friends.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what kind of
friends you're talking about.
[Aiko] Yamato!
I can't take it anymore!
I want to die!
I'll never be as cute as
other girls! I look stupid!
[Yamato] How can you say that?
It's true!
All those changes you made for
that guy you were in love with
still can be good for you.
Aiko, you're more pure,
feminine, and attractive
than anyone I know.
Really? Then prove it to me now!
Sleep with me!
Will that... really
make you feel better?
[Aiko] It will.
[Aiko] I couldn't accept
what happened that day.
I didn't want to stay dirty.
That's why I...
But the moment I decided
to seriously pursue
Yamato, what do I get?
Okay Tachibana, do you like
Yamato, or don't you?
I guess...
Why you? I won't
let you have him!
[Miyuki] So why is it that
you're just as popular as Yamato
when you're both so
different, Hayakawa?
[Hayakawa] What?
I mean, you'll date pretty much
anyone who comes your way,
but Yamato's isn't
like that at all.
I heard Yamato has all the
groupies a guy could ask for,
but he hasn't slept
with any of them.
I heard he's going out with
Mei Tachibana at the moment.
[Miyuki] Okay, now
that's just silly.
I mean, Yamato's so cool
that it seems like he could
date anybody, yanno?
I'm kind of jealous.
Of course I'd rather be with the
kind of guy who'll always help
me get rid of my frustrations.
A girl like you would
probably intimidate him.
It's nice of you to
say, but seriously-
[Miyuki's cellphone rings]
[Hayakawa] It's just
funny that Tachibana's
the one he chose, yanno?
Crap, it's my
boyfriend calling me.
What the hell does
he want anyway?
Hello?
You're the one who said
you wouldn't call anymore.
What? N-now?
Sure, I guess. Where?
Yeah. I-I'll be right there.
[Hayakawa] Yamato!
What'd she say?
What?
I'm talking about your
girlfriend, dude.
What'd she say?
[Yamato] Oh right, sorry.
I meant to talk to you.
Mei's only free on Saturday.
That's fine. This week?
[Yamato] Next week
would work, too.
[Hayakawa] Let's do this week.
I'll rearrange my schedule.
[Yamato] You sure?
[Hayakawa] Yeah, I'll just tell
her that we're going to
go out some other time.
[Yamato] Huh? You
had other plans?
[Yamato] Are you sure?
[Hayakawa] Of course I'm sure.
You're not afraid of having
me meet up with her, are ya?
I'm not gonna bite her, dude.
We'll be there. Okay.
See you Saturday, then.
Yeah.
[Hayakawa] Come on, eat up!
It's on me today, okay?
[Mei] W-we can split-
[Hayakawa] It's fine.
I'm just happy I get
to spend some time out
with you guys today.
I'll pay for mine.
Really? Then I'll
get Tachibana-san's
share of the bill.
You guys always split the
bill when you go out?
You can't do that on
a real date, dude.
You gotta man up and pay both
halves of the bill, Kurosawa.
Isn't that right, Tachibana-san?
Tachibana-san, are you always
this quiet and reserved?
Word around school is
you've changed a lot.
Not that I've seen. She's
always been this way.
Isn't that right
Knock that off!
Heh, see?
She's skinny, but
she eats a lot.
Yeah, I see.
She's nervous about meeting
someone for the first time,
so she's eating more
than she usually does.
Mmhmm.
[Yamato] At first, she wouldn't
tell me about things like that.
She wouldn't even look
at me when we talked.
So in that respect, I
guess she has changed.
Now she even talks to
Nakanishi and Asami
like it's nothing.
So this is another step forward.
Keep going like this Mei,
and you're gonna make
a bunch of new friends.
[Hayakawa] Friends! Exactly!
I can be a good
friend if you let me.
I've got plenty of connections.
I can even introduce
you to some of the
other girls if you'd like.
That sound good, right?
Just say the word
and we'll do it.
If Mei's okay with it,
I'm okay with it.
Let's exchange numbers,
Tachibana-san.
If you want to.
Point and shoot and there we go.
[Yamato's phone
begins to vibrate]
Sorry, I need to
take this, okay?
Hello?
What? H-hold on!
Okay, okay.
That's Yamato for you.
50 yen says that call's gotta
be from one of his female fans.
Doesn't it bother you?
Not really.
[Hayakawa] You know,
I really was surprised.
You've really gotten cuter.
Those eyes of yours
are really sexy.
They say love has a way of
making a woman more beautiful
than she ever imagined
she could be.
Did Yamato really
do that to you?
I... I don't know if I've
gotten any prettier...
People say that
I look different,
but I haven't done
anything special.
The only thing that's
changed is that I have
Kurosawa-kun by my side.
[Hayakawa] Would you consider
keeping me at your side?
I don't want to interfere with
your current relationship,
but I'd bet you'd become
a lot more attractive
if you dated more.
And a prettier you would
make Yamato happy.
So, whaddya say?
I'll never need
a friend like you.
And if it's all the same to you,
I can't stand being
around your creepy ass.
Uh, hey...
What's your problem?
Hey!
[Yamato] Huh? Where's Mei?
She took off, dude.
What? What do you
mean? She left?
C'mon Mei, pick up!
[Recording] We're sorry,
but the telephone you are
trying to reach is either
turned off or outside the
service area, thank you.
Hayakawa.
What?
Did you say something
to my girlfriend.
Ah, sure I did.
All I said is that she
should be open to dating
other guys, is all.
But she got all stuck up
about it, then she paid
her bill and left.
Can you believe it, dude?
What a weirdo.
What's wrong? Why
do you even care?
Why would you want her
with half the girls in
school lining up for you?
Shut your mouth!
Mei isn't one your freakin'
subsidaters, got it!?!
Mei is mine.
And you better keep
your hands off.
Get it through your head,
"dude." A guy like you will
never have a chance with a girl
like Mei and that's a fact!
[Girl 1] What's wrong,
Yamato-kun?
Did Mei come to school today?
[Girl 2] Mei?
[Girl 1] Tachibana?
I saw her reading by
herself not that long ago.
I see. Thanks a lot. Later.
[Girl 1 & 2] Later!
[Mei] What's going on?
[Aiko] You're kidding.
Yamato did that?
I seriously couldn't
believe it.
Has he always been like that?
I guess freaks of a
feather flock together.
Why aren't you saying anything?
You still carrying
a torch for the guy?
[Aiko] No, just surprised.
Really surprised.
What do you mean?
I've never even heard
Yamato raise his voice
to anyone before.
[Hayakawa] What?
I'm shocked that he'd
hit someone over what
they said about a girl.
Tell me about it.
Maybe hanging out with
a freak like Tachibana's
turning Yamato into
a mental case too.
Heh. You still don't
get it, do you?
Huh?
And you're not going to.
What don't I GET exactly?
Forget it, okay?
Hey!
I'm tired of you idiots telling
me how cool Yamato is...
He isn't an angel, dammit!
What?
Just so you know,
Yamato would never
even consider making
"friends with benefits," like
you. No, he's not an angel,
but he isn't a slobbering
horndog like you, either!
Gimme a break. You act like
you're hot but I remember
what a cow you used to be.
All that dieting's left
you covered with scars.
It's just gross.
I bet he'd puke if
he saw ya naked now.
[Mei] Aiko-san.
Speaking of gross, how
'bout those eating habits?
What?
I mean, you could see
everything in your mouth.
It was disgusting.
[Hayakawa] What's your problem?
[Mei] You are!
You should be ashamed with
the way you treat people!
Ha! Whatever, you
stupid, ugly bitches.
What the hell!
What was that for?
I just told him what
I thought of him.
No one likes it when
someone else gets mouthy
about their weaknesses.
And he was doing
that to you, right?
I think I understand what
you went through...
to lose all that weight.
[Yamato] Those changes are good.
I don't want to hear
that shit from you!
I damn near killed myself
to look like this.
You don't know what
it's like to be me!
[Mei] Aiko-san...
I'm sorry, but I really do
admire what you've done.
[Aiko] Excuse me?
I swear Kurosawa-kun
didn't tell me anything,
but you started dieting
because of him, didn't you?
He's helped me change too.
I was shy and I didn't want
to be around anybody.
But... I've started to see a
world outside of myself and
started coming out of my shell.
I'm so grateful to him,
you have no idea.
Being around him...
lets me feel human.
And I don't care whether
you've slept with him or not,
I'm not giving up on
that feeling, Aiko-san.
Just understand this. I'm
not going to let you beat me!
[Aiko] You're an
idiot, you know that?
There's no battle
to be won here.
And your little "I admire
you" speech is garbage.
And Yamato? He already
rejected me a long time ago.
Huh?
Do what you want with him.
Both of you are gonna
get on my nerves anyway.
You both suck.
[Kitten mews]
[Yamato] Ow! Why are you so mad?
You let me horse around
with you the other day.
What's wrong with you now?
[Mei] It scares him when
you hold your hand above
his head like that.
[Yamato] Mei!
I finally found you.
What happened to your hand?
Mei...
[Yamato] I'm sorry.
[Mei] Huh?
I mean, Hayakawa.
He was a real jerk.
That wasn't your fault.
You can't blame yourself...
[Yamato] No.
I can. It's okay now though.
I went and took care of it.
Besides, I'm still trying
to win your heart, yanno.
[Mei] Win my heart?
Mei, are you still mad?
Then what's wrong?
[Mei] Did you really sleep
with her? With Aiko?
[Yamato] Yeah, I did...
I thought I was helping her.
She was really messed
up at the time,
and I was stupid...
[Mei] I see.
[Yamato] I'm sorry.
But I really want
to be with you.
So, you never lie, do you?
[Yamato] But that won't happen
again with anyone else.
I promise.
Except you, of course.
Stupid ass!
[Yamato] That's me.
Stupid in love.
Does your hand hurt?
[Yamato] Kinda.
[Mei] We all have our scars
from loving someone too deeply.
From wanting to protect
someone too much.
He got this scar for me,
when he got angry for me.
His hand looks like it hurts...
I love that scar so much I
could just cry and cry and cry.
I hope I never forget
this feeling...
And I stopped being
afraid of getting hurt.
Being with someone...
means risking a little
pain now and then.
Being with him, will always
make me remember...
We all have scars.
[Mei] My life is so precious...
So I want to trust the
path I've chosen to walk,
and not let other people's
attitudes and words get
me down or hurt me.
[Marshmellow] You're one step
closer to being a cat, meow.